Germany's foreign minister Ana Lina Bok
is also in Israel where she has
reiterated Germany's support for to her
Israeli counterpart Eli K the German
foreign minister has been visiting the
southern town of netivot which was
overrun by Hamas militants at the
weekend one of the big reasons for her
visit is to speak with family members of
German citizens who are still being held
captive by the islamist militant group
babok said that Hamas is holding the
whole population of Gaza
hostage Hamas is now deliberately
entrenching itself in Gaza and using
innocent people as human
Shields Hamas has taken the entire
population of Gaza
hostage its tunnels weapons caches and
command centers are deliberately located
in homes
supermarkets
universities and perhaps even
hospitals this poses incredible
challenges to everyone who wants to
fight
Terror German from is analina Bok there
and joining us now from netwood is our
correspondent Tanya ker she was with the
German foreign minister there Tanya what
can you tell us about the visit why is
analina bbok
there what it was a very very short
visit as she arrived on Friday morning
and um just stayed for a few hours here
in theot where we're still standing we
can uh this is a city or town not far
from the Gaza border we can hear also
some artillery fire here from time to
time as the war is uh continuing and she
was visiting basically here a situation
room um and visited with Al she met here
counterpart Al K Israel's foreign
minister and uh she also also visited a
location where a rocket uh came down uh
on a house and killed three people of
the same uh family what she basically
said here is her full support for Israel
she said she reiterated uh Germany's
support and for the security of Israel
uh that it is Germany's reson Detra she
was actually asked what that uh means if
that also means that there would be for
example military supply and she said
whatever Israel needs she was also asked
about the situation uh in Gaza and she
was uh simply saying in that uh moment
that uh Isel should abide by
international
law now there are apparently several
German hostages being held by Hamas in
Gaza what is Germany doing to help get
them
out well that's another um that was
another very important aspect of her
visit um during the visit here NTI R she
also uh met some uh of the families uh
whose loved ones have been taken hostage
uh also with German citizenship and also
uh in Tel Aviv she was uh also meeting
some more families this is of a great
concern of course for Germany but there
are also other nations we just saw US
Secretary of State uh Anthony blinkin
also in the country he was also uh
looking into ways how uh the hostages
with uh US citizenship uh what they can
do um to release them so Germany said
the foreign minister said that Germany
is in touch with other nations that are
you know that have been traditionally
Med mediating between Hamas and Israel
indirectly uh for example Qatar or Egypt
Germany itself has a history of being a
mediator in hostage situations in the
Middle East in the past but of course at
the moment you know there is this
question uh um this country here is and
and Gaza is in the middle of a war
whether there's really a wind
here for such
negotiations thew correspondent Tanya
there reporting from n in Israel thank
you very much
Tanya not just in Paris have people been
demonstrating in support of Palestinians
and indeed of Israel all of these
demonstrations are leading uh some
European governments to worry about an
increas in anti-Semitism on Wednesday
authorities here in Berlin banned a pro
Palestinian Dem demonstration following
clashes earlier in the week protesters
said they were acting on their rights to
free
speech here in a small District in
southern Berlin Pro Palestinian
demonstrators had planned to
gather instead police were
everywhere ban authorities banned the
protest on the grounds they could
potentially incite anti-semitic hate and
violence an accusation rejected by the
organizers yeah we wanted to demonstrate
peacefully here in the heart of Berlin's
Palestinian Community to express our
solidarity with the people of hza who
are under an unprecedent unprecedented
bombardment right now we wanted to
reaffirm our continuing solidarity with
Palestine in the face of the Israeli
occupation that is at the root of this
conflict berin has stepped up police
presence over concerns the events in
Israel and Gaza could fuel already
existing
tensions on Saturday police clashed with
around 50 people who had gathered for a
pro Palestinian demonstration in the
same
neighborhood authorities accused
demonstrators of chanting anti-israel
slogans a few hours earlier a group
called Samy Dune had handed out pastries
in the streets to celebrate what they
called the victory of the
resistance we have a very heated
atmosphere right now Germany and Berlin
in particular have made it very clear
that they recognize Israel's right to
exist and do not question it but we have
people in our city who see things
differently accordingly the police have
to prepare for such
situations despite the ban some people
still came out on Wednesday to show
their solidarity and to highlight the
plight of the Palestinians that's not
just the people of Gaza it'ses we all
condone violence we're all not because
we're pro Palestine with Hamas it's not
what we're saying we want to have the
freedom of speech and be able to send
our solidarity to people who cannot
speak for themselves like why are the
resources how is it that Israel can turn
off the access to resources for watch
for electricity in Gaza how is that
possible because they already control it
because it is an open air prison people
we need to be able to make sense of how
that is wrong how why why are we being
silenced while these kids live
constantly day and day out with
bombings many argue their right to free
assembly is being
infringed but police say they don't want
to risk violence spreading and are
enforcing the
law well the first evacuation flight of
German Nationals from Israel landed at
Frankfurt airport yesterday Germany's
been working with Loft hanser to
organize repatriation flights for its
citizens 950 so
far reunited with family back SA
on German
[Music]
soil we are so happy so relieved that
everything worked
out the relief the burden that fell away
when we took off and the plane turned
and we were over the
sea Lanza was so
great they were really thoughtful the
pilot said several times it was an honor
to fly us but unfortunately there were
also empty seats in our plane hundreds
are home but thousands of Germans
remained stranded in Israel waiting for
their chance to
return the last few days were exhausting
especially when we were waking up to
Sirens it was so stressful but thank God
we're home that's great now of course
I'm so happy there are 12 people in our
group and we're all here all healthy
Thank God now let's go
home well happy to be back returnes
couldn't help but think of those they
left
behind it's a hard decision because I
have friends who are there now or who
are part of the
conflict one of my best friends hasn't
written for three days and would be part
of the ground offensive in Gaza if it
happens in the next few days I'm going
to looking through the list of the
fallen and just hoping and praying that
my friends are not
there more special flights from Tel Aviv
to Frankfurt and Munich are set to
continue on
Friday